1. Which of the four transforms suggested got you the closest to satisfying the assumptions of a T-test?
A. Transformation with np.sqrt got us closest to satisfy the assumptions of a T-test. The normality test and equal variance 
test for square rooted data gave the highest values for p-values which means that they are highly confident (among the 4
choices) in not rejecting the null hypothesis of their respective tests.

2. I gave imprecise English translations of what the by-week test, and the Mann-Whitney test were actually testing. 
Do the same for the original T-test, and for the transformed data T-test. That is, describe what the conclusion 
would be if you could reject the null hypothesis in those tests.
A. With the original data, the T-test will conclude that "there are a different number of comments on weekdays compared to 
weekends".
With the transformed data, the T-test will again conclude that "there are a different number of comments on weekdays compared
to weekends". It's just that the data is transformed now but data for both weekends and weekdays have been transformed using
the same function and hence, their relative relationship still remains the same i.e. the test will still conclude if there are
a different # of comments on weekdays as compared to weekends.

3. Of the four approaches, which do you think actually does a better job of getting an answer for the original 
question: “are there a different number of Reddit comments posted on weekdays than on weekends?” Briefly explain why. 
(It's not clear to me that there is a single correct answer to this question.)
A. In my opinion, Mann–Whitney U-test does a better job in getting us an answer to the actual question. In this test, we
are not changing our data and we are getting a p-value which is really small. With this test, we can conclude that one of
them (weekdays/weekends) received more comments than the other.

Reason to not choose other approaches:-
For first approach (original test) - The p-value for the test cannot be trusted because the assumptions for the test were not satisfied.
For second approach (transformed) - Although the p-value of this test is the lowest among all but still, we have not completely
satisfied the assumptions of the T-test where the data is not fully normally distributed. Hence there is still some doubt before
trusting this test.
For third approach (central limit theorom) - This test atleast gets the data normally distributed and the equal variance and also 
succeeds in getting a p-value under 0.05 which ideally suits our scenario but the hypothesis proved by this test doesnt quite match
with our starting hypothesis. It concludes that there are different # of comments on weekdays vs weekends week wise but doesn't confirm
the real hypothesis since it is still possible that overall, the # of comments for weekdays and weekends can come out to be almost same. 

4. When are more Reddit comments posted in /r/canada, on average weekdays or weekends?
A. With the help of Mann–Whitney U-test, we can say that one of weekends/weekdays received more number of comments.
Hence we can look at the means for both and we can say that whosoever's mean is more received more number of comments.
Mean for weekdays: 1823.5785440613026
Mean for weekends: 1269.5071770334928
Hence, we can conclude that more Reddit comments in /r/canada on average weekdays.